Debit Note will update it's own outstanding amount, even if 'Return Against' is specified.
Debit-Credit Mismatch
Debit-Credit mismatch
Debtor/Creditor
Debtor/Creditor Advance
Deferred accounting failed for some invoices:
Depreciation eliminated via reversal
Descriptive name for your template (e.g., 'Standard P&L', 'Detailed Balance Sheet')
Disable template to prevent use in reports
Discount (%) on Price List Rate with Margin
Discount Percentage can be applied either against a Price List or for all Price List.
Discount on Price List Rate (%)
Discounts to be applied in sequential ranges like buy 1 get 1, buy 2 get 2, buy 3 get 3 and so on
Discrepancy between General and Payment Ledger
Distribute Equally
Do you still want to enable immutable ledger?
Document Type already used as a dimension
Documents Processed on each trigger. Queue Size should be between 5 and 100
Documents: {0} have deferred revenue/expense enabled for them. Cannot repost.
Don't Create Loyalty Points
Don't Enforce Free Item Qty
Dont Recompute tax
Drops existing SQL Procedures and Function setup by Accounts Receivable report
Duplicate customer group found in the customer group table
Either 'Selling' or 'Buying' must be selected
Enable this checkbox even if you want to set the zero priority
Enabling this will allow creation of multi-currency invoices against single party account in company currency
Enabling this will change the way how cancelled transactions are handled.
Enter the Bank Guarantee Number before submitting.
Enter the name of the Beneficiary before submitting.
Enter the name of the bank or lending institution before submitting.
Error in party matching for Bank Transaction {0}
Error while processing deferred accounting for {0}
Even if there are multiple Pricing Rules with highest priority, then following internal priorities are applied:
Exempted Role
Failed to parse MT940 format. Error: {0}
Financial Report Template {0} is disabled
Financial Report Template {0} not found
For dunning fee and interest
Force-Fetch Subscription Updates
Free Item Rate
From Date: {0} cannot be greater than To date: {1}
From External Ecomm Platform
From Fiscal Year cannot be greater than To Fiscal Year
Further cost centers can be made under Groups but entries can be made against non-Groups
Gain/Loss accumulated in foreign currency account. Accounts with '0' balance in either Base or Account currency
Generate E-Invoice
Heads (or groups) against which Accounting Entries are made and balances are maintained.
Helps you distribute the Budget/Target across months if you have seasonality in your business.
Hide this line if amount is zero
How Pricing Rule is applied?
How this line gets its data
How to format and present values in the financial report (only if different from column fieldtype)
If Auto Opt In is checked, then the customers will be automatically linked with the concerned Loyalty Program (on save)
If checked, the tax amount will be considered as already included in the Paid Amount in Payment Entry
If enabled, ledger entries will be posted for change amount in POS transactions
If enabled, the consolidated invoices will have rounded total disabled
If enabled, this row's values will be displayed on financial charts
If enabled, user will be alerted before resetting posting date to current date in relevant transactions
If multiple Pricing Rules continue to prevail, users are asked to set Priority manually to resolve conflict.
If rate is zero then item will be treated as "Free Item"
If unlimited expiry for the Loyalty Points, keep the Expiry Duration empty or 0.
Ignore Is Opening check for reporting
Ignore Voucher Type filter and Select Vouchers Manually
Impairment
Import Chart of Accounts from a csv file
Import MT940 Fromat
In the case of multi-tier program, Customers will be auto assigned to the concerned tier as per their spent
Include Default FB Assets
Include Returned Invoices (Stand-alone)
Included fee is bigger than the withdrawal itself.
Indentation level: 0 = Main heading, 1 = Sub-category, 2 = Individual accounts, etc.
Individual GL Entry cannot be cancelled.
Interest on Fixed Deposits
Interval should be between 1 to 59 MInutes
Invalid Primary Role
Invalid Sales Invoices
Invalid amount in accounting entries of {} {} for Account {}: {}
Invalid filter formula. Please check the syntax.
Invalid parameter. 'dn' should be of type str
Invalid result key. Response:
Invoice Document Type Selection Error
Invoices and Payments have been Fetched and Allocated
Is created using POS
Issue a debit note with 0 qty against an existing Sales Invoice
Italic Text
Italic text for subtotals or notes
Item Code > Item Group > Brand
Item Tax Row {0}: Account must belong to Company - {1}
